So let's start with displaying notifications
and first of all, I want to highlight that you don't need to listen to push event to display notifications,
this is totally independent of push messages.
You don't even need a service worker for that in theory, though
I will show you how to use a service worker since oftentimes you use notifications in conjunction with
service workers, especially with the push event.
But technically, this is not required,
you can display a notification whenever you want in your web application.
So this is a key thing you have to keep in mind.
We'll use the notification API then to create and show new notifications and I will show you not
only how to create and show them but also how to configure them, how to configure how they look like
and so on.
Besides that, the notification API allows you to create notifications, set a title, a body, possibly images
and more. Important I just mentioned it, you don't even need a service worker for that,
you can use the notification API directly from your normal page Javascript, though you can also use it
from service workers and I'll show you both approaches.
We will lean towards the service worker approach because a) we have a service worker and b) as I mentioned,
most of the time you use notifications in conjunction with service workers since you want to react to
events and then show notification. Also important, notifications with service workers of course definitely
are required when we want to listen to a push event because we can only listen to that in service workers
and I will cover this later in the course too.
Now with that, let's dive into notifications and how we can display them in our web app.